Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
I waited till everybody
was over at Mario's
because I didn't want to take
any more razzing over this.
Now. you say this poison works
on all kinds of cockroaches
because I got a
monster in there.
A monster.
No insect can
survive this poison.
Respect your foe.
We're not talking
about just any insect.
This is the biggest
cockroach in the world.
I'm telling you. he
barks at the mailman.
Don't worry about it. Mac.
I'll get him.
Take no prisoners.
Right.
Describe to me again
what this stuff does to him.
Well. it. uh.
paralyzes the central
nervous system.
blocking and then
causing cessation
of all the metabolic functions.
At least. that's
what the can says.
As long as I can see his
little feelers twitching in the air.
I don't care how you do it.
Oh... Excuse me. Latka?
I said. oh... Is
something wrong. Latka?
I enjoy watching her.
Oh. yes. she's very enjoyable.
Yeah. she has
been in here before.
Each time she gets more
beautiful than the last.
Look at the way
she sits on the stool
like a princess.
Oh... You got a
little crush on her.
don't you. Latka?
Why didn't you tell us. huh?
It brings me too much pain.
She doesn't know I'm alive.
Can't she tell you're alive
by the way you move
around and talk and stuff?
Huh?
Hey. Latka.
just go over there
and introduce yourself.
Say hi. she may like your style.
No. I could not do that.
Why not. Latka? Why not?
Well. how do I say this?
You see. I do not
have too much success
with American women.
You see. the men from my country
are not. for some reason.
attractive to the
women in your country.
We do not. as a matter of fact.
have much luck with
the women in my country.
Latka. if I were you.
I'd go over there and say hello.
Bobby. if I were you.
I would go over and say hello.
But. unfortunately. I am me.
Oh. what kind of
attitude is that. Latka?
Come on. you are
an attractive person
with a lot to offer.
Remember that. Yeah.
By golly. I will do it.
All right.
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow. first
thing. I promise.
Latka. there is no
time like the present.
No. wait. Come on.
Wait. wait. guys. guys!
Come on. don't force him.
Let him make up his own mind.
Alex. What?
Mind your own business.
Mind my own business.
Come on. guys.
Okay. now. you're
going to do fine. Latka.
Shh.
Hello. I am Latka Gravas.
You're what?
That is my name... Latka Gravas.
I think you are very
pretty American woman.
Oh. well. thank you.
Maybe could I please
have a drink with you?
Or food?
Or... or even gum?
Bubble gum?
I'm really not interested.
Thank you.
Then I guess it will
not be necessary for us
to look for a house
over the weekend.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well. bye-bye.
It was nice meeting you.
Boy. it sure is a
long walk back.
Sorry. Latka.
She shot you down. huh?
Yeah. she shot me down.
Ah. she didn't even
give you a chance.
That stinks.
It's all right. I forgive her.
Yeah. well. I don't.
There's such a thing as
sensitivity to other people.
I think I'm gonna go over there
and tell Miss High-and-Mighty
where to get off.
Hey. wait a minute. Bob.
Let it go. will you?
Alex. it's okay.
I'm not going to make a scene.
It's just I can't
let this thing rest.
You know. Latka.
I bet it has nothing
to do with you.
You know. I bet that she's
committed somewhere.
You know. she's
engaged or married.
or. you know.
living with someone.
Okay.
She needs a cab.
Yeah. I-I'm just
going to give her
a ride home. professionally.
and talk about Latka
all the way. Hey. now...
Alex. what can I do?
She needs a cab. huh?
Hey. Latka. if it bothers you.
listen. I'll forget
about it right now.
Oh. no. you don't
worry about it. Bobby.
You just go and have a
wonderful time with the woman
who makes every tissue in
my body scream with desire.
Okay. thanks a lot. Latka.
Boy. what a nice person.
Ooh. look at this.
Get a load of this one.
Ooh.
Hey. Latka. what are you doing.
reading Playboy magazine?
Oh. yes. I am studying it. Alex.
I want to be up front with you.
I want to be an American fun guy
taking each day in high gear.
Did I say that right?
I hope not.
Well. what's the point?
Well. the point is
that I am sick of
you all calling me
a cute. little foreigner.
We don't call you a
cute little foreigner.
Well. maybe not to my
face. but behind my back.
Uh-uh. we don't call you
that behind your back.
Well. maybe you don't say
it out loud. but you think it.
We don't even think it.
Oh. yeah?
Well. how about the time
Tony said his uncle was broke.
and I said. "Well. why
doesn't he go to the doctor?"
Yeah. that was kind of cute.
See. "cute" again.
Everything always cute.
I am sick of being
cute. When will it end?
But Latka. I don't see how
reading a bunch of magazines
is going to make you
more sophisticated?
Well. Alex. I am not
only going to read it.
I am going to take a
vacation from the garage.
I am going to lock myself in.
every spare minute.
I am going to
study this Playboy.
Mm-hmm.
And I have a tape
of an F.M. D.J.
I am going to
learn to talk like him
so that when women
hear my voice.
they will just relax.
See. I will do it
even if it takes me eight days.
Look. here it is.
I have it marked.
I am going to...
"alter my lifestyle
to fit the fast lane."
Huh?
"Alter my lifestyle
to fit the fast lane."
to fit the fast...
lane." Whoop!
There. that ought to do it.
Now... now. how soon is it safe
to go back in there?
Well. that depends on
your system. you know.
Some people. they go in
there the first day. they get sick.
Other people might
get a headache.
Me. I like it.
All right.
Thanks. pal.
Ha!
It's great to have
the cage back.
All right.
It's worth every penny
for the piece of mind.
Come on in here. Jeff.
I'm starving.
Sandwich.
Mustard.
♪ No bugs allowed ♪
♪ No bugs allowed. ♪
Jeff...
It's Karen.
The princess is honoring us
with her presence.
I bet you she's insulted
we're not groveling at her feet.
Oh. you're handling rejection
so much better than
you used to. Bobby.
Hey. guys. Hey. guys.
Latka's back from his vacation.
He's on his way in right now.
I got to pick a good spot
so I can see all your faces
when you first see him.
I got it. Go ahead.
Oh. my God.
What did I tell you?
Latka?
Hey. I love you
guys. you're beautiful.
Hey. Tommy. making any money?
Latka?
What kind of
imported beer you got?
Schlitz.
I love you. Tommy. you're a mug.
Give me one of those.
Thanks.
I can take one look at you
and tell that you've heard
every phony line in the book...
so one more isn't
going to hurt you. right?
She's laughing.
Ah... but seriously now.
The first few moments
of a relationship
set the tone for
the whole thing.
if you know what I mean.
so let's be honest.
My name is Vic.
I'm into Italian cars.
Technics stereos.
Australian films
and beautiful ladies.
If you're
interested. let's talk.
If not. it's been fun.
Vic. huh?
No. not "Vic.
huh?"... Vic Ferrari.
Vic Ferrari?
That isn't your
real name. is it?
Why don't you tell me
after you see how I
perform on a tight corner.
Terrible humor. Vic.
but I love that smile.
Come on. walk with
me. talk with me.
Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
It's like Dr. Jekyll
and Mr. Hekyll.
Latka.
Excuse me. I think these
people have mistaken me
for someone else.
I'm a dime a dozen.
Don't you believe it.
Be right back.
All right. Latka. way to go.
You got her. buddy.
Hey. she's a woman. not a prize.
Hey. I love you guys.
but I don't like your
"keeping score" attitude.
Latka. she can't hear you now.
You can drop the act.
The act?
Hey. man. you got it backwards.
I dropped my act.
You guys could stand
to do the same thing.
Hey. Elaine.
You're looking dynamite tonight.
Corny. but sincere.
Gotcha.
Come on. let's go. honey.
Poor. Latka.
What do you mean. Jim?
Everybody's beating
time with his woman.
First Bobby. and now that jerk.
Latka!
Hey. man. what is your problem?
I don't like people playing
music in this garage.
Well. I don't like
this authority trip
that you're always
laying on me. man.
Hey. you just
wasted Elvis Costello.
Latka. you're getting
weirder every day.
Now. I don't want
to have to fire you
for this. because...
I don't want to
have to fire you...
I was hoping to fire
you just for no reason.
Look. you better wise up.
Knock it off.
And try wearing some
decent clothes to work.
You look like a foreign banana.
Well... time for my
sparkling water break.
Anybody want some?
He's not coming out of this.
If anything. it's getting worse.
It's been going
on for a week now.
night and day.
Maybe somebody
should talk to him.
Hey. I tried.
He just keeps telling
me I'm one dynamite lady.
I keep telling him
that's beside the point.
Get an answering service.
Hello.
Yeah. Vic's here.
Hold on a second.
Hey. Latka. it's Karen for you.
I'm not here.
Latka. it's the girl you're
crazy about. remember?
Hey. I am out man. read my lips.
Uh. yeah. no. he's not here.
Yeah. okay. sure.
I'll tell him you called. Bye.
Latka. what's going on?
It's over between her and me.
You see. Karen
is the kind of chick
who craves rejection
and goes around
creating it for herself.
So what's a boy to do?
This is too much.
Latka. we got to talk to you.
Hey...
you know I always have
time to talk to you. Elaine.
You're one dynamite lady.
Latka. shut up.
Ooh-hoo. redheads.
I'm glad you feel
that you can be so
honest with me like that.
Latka. come here
and sit down. okay?
Hey. Latka. Latka. you're weird.
Hey. we're all coming
from a different direction.
and sometimes it
doesn't get in synch.
Sorry about that.
but you had it coming.
Latka. can't you
see what's going on?
Can't you see what
you're doing to yourself?
Yeah. I'm assimilating.
Hey. Latka. why don't
you come off it. huh?
Hey. if I have to
be a cute little guy
who strikes out every time
in order to be
Mr. Popularity around here.
well then you can
just keep your trophy.
Would you just stop it?
Well. excuse me.
I thought that I had
the right to evolve.
but I'm sensing a
lot of hostility here.
Fortunately. I got
my friend Alex.
My man. Alex.
With a heart as
big as his schnoz
and a brain as
sharp as his profile.
Yeah. well. I'm very flattered.
Very flattered.
Hey. man. you understand
what I'm talking
about. don't ya?
Yes. I think I do.
Yeah.
God bless the people.
Adios. kids.
Hey. where you going?
Hey. come on back.
Hey. man. don't leave me.
Come on. I tell ya. Latka.
I've been going back
and forth about this thing.
because I think maybe
you're justified in thinking
that there was a
patronizing element
in the way people used
to treat the old Latka.
But the thing that keeps
coming through to me is
I like that old Latka.
and I don't like you.
Ooh. hard to get
happy after that one.
Hey. Alex.
I think we've got some
head-butting to do.
You dropped a real load
of guano on me today.
and I think we should
get out our shovels
and see if we can...
Please. don't slam
the door on me again.
because I don't
think I could take that.
I really want to talk to you.
What do you have to say
you haven't said already?
I cry at night.
Alex. please help me.
you've got to help me.
I don't know what to do.
I'm stuck inside of
here. I don't like this guy.
I don't remember
how I got in. No. no. no.
I'll help you. I'll help
you. I'll help you.
Listen. just sit
down. Just sit down.
I don't like the fast lane.
Well. I understand that.
Well. can't you just stop it?
I mean. be the
guy you used to be.
Talk like you used to talk.
I don't remember
how I used to talk.
You don't remember?
Think.
I... I remember I
was a cute little guy.
I had some kind of an accent.
But I've worked at it so hard
I've been doing it for so long.
I just don't remember
what I used to sound like.
Well. not much different
than you do now.
You remember?
Latka Gravas.
Latka Gravas. Ibeda.
Yeah.
Yeah. I do remember
"Latka Gravas. Ibeda."
I'll try it.
Okay. Latka Gravas.
Ibeda.
Oh. it's no use.
Alex. I can't cut it.
I can't. I went too far.
I don't remember
what I sounded like.
I can't sound like him
anymore so this is it.
From here on in. the
highway's full of honky-tonks
and one-nighters and no
place to go when the bars close.
No. no. no. no. no.
No. it doesn't
have to be that way.
Oh. come on. cadet.
stop the snowfall.
I can take the truth.
Latka. Latka. just calm down.
Don't try so hard.
I mean. just trust
that Latka's in there.
that he'll come out.
Just trust it and relax.
No way. buddy boy.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
Now. remember. Latka
was a kind of quiet guy.
Trust me.
Just be quiet. just relax. okay?
Mm-hmm. Think.
He's in there somewhere?
Right.
Come on. Latka.
Come on out. Latka.
I know you're in
there somewhere.
Okay. okay. I'm sorry.
All right.
Latka.
Yes. yes. yes.
Good. good. good.
Right. right.
right. right. right.
You got it.
Alex? Yes. Latka.
Thank you very
much. You're welcome.
Oh. there's so much
I want to tell you
that has happened to
me since I last saw you.
Oh. great. I'd love
to hear it. Sit down.
Okay. Well... Oh. yeah.
Wasn't that silly?
I remember that.
Yeah?
Playboy.
Oh. yeah.
I'll get us a couple of
beers... I'm listening.
Yeah. well. you know.
that was another time.
Oh. well... don't like you.
Well. I'm sorry about that.
Guano. guano...
Yeah. well. yeah. here.
Then... Thank you very much.
So go ahead. tell me
more. tell me more.
Well. that's it. Oh...
Then here I am.
and here you are.
Well. it's nice to
have you back. Latka.
All right.
No. no. I'm only fooling.
Where is your sense of humor?
Night. Mr. Walters.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org